1. upon start up, just choose the number of players. AI player selection is ignored.
2. Once starting the game, the game automatically determine player 0 as the first active player. The dices are automatically rolled, and all possible tiles for current player using current dices will display in the tile selection section.
3. Abilities must be used before placing the tile except for the purple ability.
   - to use re-roll or change color ability, select the dices to re-roll or change color, and find option in action button. Note that for color change, dices selected must have same color.
   - to use NoX ability, as long as you possess the ability, just click the NoX in action button any time before confirm placement of the tile.
   - Use again ability can be implicitly used. everytime you possess this ability, the possible tiles in tile selection area will include all X tiles can be used under current dices regardless if it's crossed out. Bonuses is also used in this way.
   - one x ability will be triggered once you have this ability and you have placed the tile. After you place a tile, the tile selection will appear the single x noted as "S1X".
4. Coat-of-arm bonus can be used once a COA is highlighted. The tile selection part will appear a single window block noted as "S1O". Of course you can choose to advance track instead of place single window. Once selecting a track, tile selection will be canceled. Note that for COA bonuses, you have to use them immediately after placing the tile - i.e. if switching to another player's building, you will no longer be abl to use them.
5. Once the active player finished, non-active players can goto their tab to select track and use confirm button to advance tracks. This can be done in any order. But all non-active player must advance tracks before active player passing to next player, unless it is impossible to advance track.
6. When there are only two players, upon start up, one of the tracks from both players will be randomly selected to advance two steps, and all left version of size 4 tiles are crossed out. And during playing, in this situation, non-active player can select two tracks to advance at a time, or if only one track is selected, if there are enough dices of the color, 2 steps will be advanced.